Registration - update workshop contents (#4)
ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_workshop: docs/2_registration_project_access_session.md

# 2. Registration and project access

## A. Registration

> You should have received a registration link from 

Reviewer: Question: When are we sending the invites?

Reviewer 2: https://scilifelab.atlassian.net/browse/DDS-2042 - we have a ticket. We didn't want to do it too early due to expiry so can either do it at the end of this week or on Monday.

Reviewer 2: But blocker for DDS-2042 is having sent the info email to all attendees (because they need to know that the invitation is coming)

dds user add [Email address] --role "Unit Personnel"
~~~

> #### Create a project

Reviewer: Can we move this and the changes below to another PR? Invitation / Registration should be in a separate section of the workshop imo from Project creation etc.

Author: You mean a new md file?

Reviewer: No you could just remove these changes in this PR and add them to your other PR I think

Author: mmm ok

Author: Done, although now this PR just has two small things

> The email specified in the option `--principal-investigator` does not receive any emails or creates any account; it’s only for information purposes at this time.

> When the project is created, you should get an output similar to the one below. Write down and try to remember the **Project ID**, as you will need it to access the project later on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the project is created, you should get an output similar to the one below. Record the **Project ID**, as you will need it to access the project later on.
```

> ![Screenshot of a sucessful project creation](https://scilifelabdatacentre.github.io/dds_cli/_images/dds-project-create.svg)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of a successful project creation](https://scilifelabdatacentre.github.io/dds_cli/_images/dds-project-create.svg)
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of a sucessful project creation](https://scilifelabdatacentre.github.io/dds_cli/_images/dds-project-create.svg)

You can always retrieve the the **Project ID** using the command `dds ls` and then setting meaningful `--title` and `--description` will prove useful for you.
```
or something like this

 - [ ] TASK: Run the create project command, remember to change the files of **title**, **description** and **pi**

> > There are other flags that can be passed down, like `--owner` to add a user as a Project Owner (researcher with elevated privileges), or `--researcher` to automatically invite researcher users to the project. The list and description can be found on the [documentation](https://scilifelabdatacentre.github.io/dds_cli/project/#dds-project-create) link here.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> There are other flags that can be passed down, like `--owner` to add a user as a Project Owner (researcher with elevated privileges), or `--researcher`, to automatically invite researcher users to the project. The list and description can be found in the [documentation](https://scilifelabdatacentre.github.io/dds_cli/project/#dds-project-create) linked here.
```
